---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Essay 3"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-02-17
published: true
labels:
  - MIS
---



*Chareen: E3 Essay*



<h3>
Browser History 6 WOD
</h3>


<p>
For my browser history 6, I noticed it looked a bit difficult. I decided to try it on my own first by paste all the code on the instructions into vs code to see how everything would look and I was very much unsuccessful. My coding was improperly ordered. So, I did some research on W3school, through chatGBT, and perhaps google a bit. Was still unsuccessful.  So, I decided to save that part for later once I watched the screen cast. 
</p>

<p>
Then, I viewed the screencast to see how the WOD should be properly done. I understood the instructions more clearly. Since, a few of the steps were not written in the instructions. It’s only seen by watching the dynamic display on instructions. I rewatched this screen cast multiple times to get right, specifically: the order of css (which site connects to which, the index.html and the other 3 links), code of onclick, onmouseover. I took some notes down. 
</p>

<p>
After, I attempted the WOD without screen recording for my 3rd time. I figured out the onclick and figured out the css. Mainly got stuck on the onmouseover. Noticed my notes were unclear. I spent analyzing and comparing my code for maybe 40 minutes or less. Just to figure out I needed a closing tag after the img src. I finally got it. Thus, I was confident to get the WOD fully completed on my 4th attempt, in which I did. It was fulfilling to know the website started from scratch and has become dynamic. With the ability to click buttons and the static multiple different browser pages. Which can be useful for those who want to download the browsers since I’ve set up the links in that way. 
<br> 

Link to WOD Browser History 6 <a href=
”https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/040.dynamic-web-pages/experience-browserhistory6.html”>Instruction</a>

</p>



<h3>
Smart Phone Products Variable WOD
</h3>

<p>
For my smart phone products WOD. On my first attempt I followed all the instructions. Was able to get everything down within about 18 minutes at a moderate pace. However, I ran into difficulties which all the images were unaligned, and I could not figure out the issue. So, I decided to watch the screencast on where I went wrong. I watched the screencast 2 times to get all the steps down and was able to get RX time much quicker. The idea of the search bar was a game changer. 

<br> 

Link to WOD smart phone products variable <a href= "https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/050.variables_data_types/experience-SmartPhoneProducts1_variables.html">instruction</a>


</p>

<h3>
Invoice1
</h3>

<p>
For my first attempt of Invoice 1, I pasted all the necessary information and was successful. Thus, I watched the screencast so I could get an example of what I am doing incorrectly. I watched the screencast and took notes. For my 2nd attempt I couldn’t get RX time and my table wasn’t appearing. So, I skimmed through the screencast for the 2nd time. I notice I missed many steps of pasting the data from the table to vs code and a few details at computing the sales tax. For this wod I was able to correct myself by looking at the live server, syntax etc. I was able to complete everything correctly within the RX time for the 3rd attempt.

<br> 

Link to Invoice 1 WOD <a href=”https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-invoice1.html”>instruction</a >


</p>


