---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Essay 4"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-04-20
published: true
labels:
  - Essay
---



*Chareen: E4 Essay*

<h1> 
My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
</h1>
<p><ul>
  <li>Learned more in css and how it works what it does</li>
  <li>Same for JavaScript</li>
  <li>Also HTML and how a document should be formatted</li>
</ul>
</p>

<h1>
 I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
</h1>
<p><ul>
  <li>My syntax of where and which parts the code belong to or pages</li>
  <li>Writing the code and learning how to check if it works</li>
  <li>The itm server is a little confusing still </li>
</ul>
</p>

<h1>
 I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:
</h1>
<p><ul>
  <li>WODs helped me see how things works</li>
  <li>I was able to fix a lot of my mistakes through the wods</li>
  <li>Help me speed up on forming the code</li>
</ul>
</p>


<h1>
The labs have help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:
</h1>
<p><ul>
  <li>I learned a lot of new programming vocab words through the lab</li>
  <li>I also learned how to understand making the code work</li>
  <li>The labs are still a little confusing so I will have to work more on improving by understanding the instructions more of what it want.</li>
</ul>
</p>

<h1>
 I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:
</h1>
<p><ul>
  <li>Assignment 1 was very difficult for me I was not able to get the server in the itm</li>
  <li>If I had a little more time I for sure would be able to get it but I just wasn’t able to because there was too many assignments and made me confused.</li>
  <li>I feel like assignment 2 would take a little more time but I now know what to make for my own page which I had to originally learn in assignment 1 which is why it took me so long to work on. Also, did not have enough time to post it on the class server because I had so many difficulties with trying to get my work or even try to put it up. Hopefully assignment two I will get this itm server to work. </li>
</ul>
</p>

<h1>
I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
</h1>
<p><ul>
  <li>More help would be better for me because I wasn’t fully understanding everything. </li>
  <li>More resources to the assignments on how I could get it to work or examples of what is needed. </li>
  <li>More time or not have too long of labs because I felt it was too much and for the short amount of time given and amount of time to make a quality webpage would need more time. Unless a less quality page is what it was asking for. Although it wanted to shift and quality so more time would be helpful. </li>
</ul>
</p>

<h1>
What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):
</h1>

<p><ul>
  <li>The readings were the most helpful for me and a summary of the readings would be great too. </li>
  <li>The screencast was very informative it helped me the most so more screencasts would be great as well instead of just labs to do on my own which I was not understanding the instructions very well. </li>
  <li>The wods was great for practice but I do prefer to have more time on the wods as well because the due dates were just rushing me and caused me to have gaps in my understanding. One on one help helped a lot too. </li>
</ul>
</p> 
