---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Essay 5"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-04-25
published: true
labels:
  - Essay
---



*Chareen: E5 Essay*

<h1> 
1.	Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details
</h1> 
<p> For <a href="https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2.html"> assignment 2 </a> I am required to have a log in page for those who enter my e-commerce store and want to make a purchase. The instructions ask for very detail sensitive requirements of username and password. I also had to encrypt the data for the password for my individual requirement. The user should not be able to register and make purchases. 
 </p>
<h1> 
2.	What did you learn from this assignment?
</h1> 
<p>
In this assignment I learned there are many or even thousands of code to look at for implementing a log in page. I did not have to write it on my own since a lot have already exist. For the most part I was looking at many webpages such as shops and example codes on what I wanted. I ended up with using w3 schools since it was the simplest. The others I would have to make a few more changes so I sticked with w3 schools. I noticed once I started adding code in my errors for the code on console log started to increase. So, I had to go and fix those errors since there was a lot to put in there. I was able to use debugger a little to help maintain the error count to be low. I got a better understanding of redirecting pages and files which I was able to do on my own with the help of chat gpt, and looking at the rest of my code which already had redirecting on there. 
 </p>

<h1> 
3.	Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).
</h1> 
<p> I did not work with a partner. So, everything was authored by me with the use of inspiration code from shop websites I looked at and the help of professor Daniel with linking the pages which I struggled with the most beforehand.
 </p>

<h1> 
4.	How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
</h1> 
<p> 
I got help from looking through resources and searching the web. Like I mentioned earlier I was able to make changes and found it is much easier to search rather than writing the code. Although searching for the right code I want does take a while for me since I am still new to this and I don’t fully understand what the code does and I have to go through the examples and read through to see if it is the right one.
</p>

<h1> 
5.	How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
</h1> 
<p> Developing this assignment was much easier than assignment one. However, I couldn’t fully format which goes which. I need to work on reading my code and understanding the formatting off which goes which and how the code works. The template I choose from W3 schools had too much unnecessary coding for most which I had to figure which it did. Made searching through my code very difficult. This may be why I should start following instructions. Which is from assignment 1 it mentions to put the template last however I looked for the template beforehand and figured I could just do adjustments. Which I believe made more difficult for me to even figure out my code and maintain it. 
</p>

<h1> 
6.	Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
</h1> 
<p> 

I spent about 30 to an hour depending on my research. In which I asked chat gpt how I should make my code that I had more precise, a combination of looking through codes, and researching and finding the right information. For the testing and debugging, I spent about 20 to 40 minutes since every time I write my code I would switch it and this assignment # 2 was definitely much quicker to debug than my assignment 1.
 </p>

<h1> 
7.	Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?
</h1> 
<p> For this project my log in worked well on how I wanted and where I wanted it to be. However, the requirement and necessary parts was not working too good and I definitely need more time to just look through my code and put the right places and make a few changes with the names and maybe some of my data. Which I believe takes a lot of time and I would need more time to get everything to work perfect, but nothing is perfect and with a limited time with assignment two I don’t think I would be able to complete and make things perfect. So, I think its okay and I’ll just leave it at what I have. 
 </p>


<h1> 
8.	If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
</h1> 
<p>
If I could go back in time, I would make sure to understand my code and make sure my data is right. Make sure my errors are low. This way I can waste less time on fixing the same things over and over. Then I would take some notes on the side to get my code right and perfect. Do major research beforehand and write code that would work and study the requirements and make research for the requirements. Which I was not able to do since it is finals week and I have other things to work on. So, this is what I would do back in time and these assignments are back-to-back so we are unable to get a head start since we need to go class for the labs to learn it. Then go home do our own lab. Then there was wods and lab questions to answer so my time was in fact very limited. 
 </p>
