---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Essay 6"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-05-12
published: true
labels:
  - Essay
---

1.	Briefly describe your system 

<br>
My system is a shote selling secondhand product items for users to use online and it can be easily accessed with internet connection if the user logs in they will be able to buy items for cheap and go shopping.
<br>
2.	Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?

<br>
Yes, there might problems with the login page and since I barely got to work on that. Some features not implemented are the validity for the quantities which I was not able to get that to work.
<br>
3.	Describe what you are most proud of about your system:

<br>
I am most proud of my navigation at the top where user clicks on it and takes them straight to the section of the page. It took me a while to figure out how it worked and found it from w3 school template, and I was able to scroll through my store easily. 
<br>
4.	Describe what you are least happy with your system:

<br>
I am least happy with my simple validations and log in parts not working too good and not fully functioning right. I would want to get this to work in the future and study more codes by looking at examples and not taking whole chunks of codes. Since I wasn’t away, I could mix and match the codes but now as I was working on assignment 3, I learned I was able to.
<br>
5.	How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?

<br>
Assignment 3 seems simpler it looks like I didn’t need a bunch of codes that I researched for and ended up deleting a bunch of those codes. Whereas for assignment 3 I needed more code to validate everything and manage the login page while also trying to get my cookies to work right with the login.
<br>
6.	When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?

<br>
When I ran into a problem which I did run into a bunch. I realized I needed to slow down and learn the code at a step by step and line by line word for word basis even. Since its very detailed oriented the computer won’t understand other things. So I learned to think like a computer which I am still trying to get used to.
<br>
7.	Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?

<br>
I think my products finally was able to show up in my page since I had trouble with this, and it was going on and off my store since I didn’t really know why it was working or how it worked. Other than that, my products are working well and I am proud I’ve finally got it to work with help from Professor Daniel Port.
<br>
8.	Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?

<br>
My carts is not working too well and I am hoping to get this fixed asap and my login to send the invoice through email to the users.
<br>
9.	What did you learn from doing this assignment?

<br>
Like previously mentioned I learned to understand my code instead of the whole chunk of code. I learned to think like a computer, and I learned a lot come with coding. For example, log in, registration, and a full functioning store can be made with simple code which the computer can read and send out put to users through the browser and sessions is also very interesting which I did not know too much of it before taking this class.
<br>
10.	If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
<br>
I would most likely change the way I studied since learning in chunks for code was not very effective. I would use chat gpt less and do more search through the browsers like google, and I would look at other people’s examples and see how I could implement it. I would also try to do some code on my own and see what and how the different functions and statements work. 
<br>
11.	Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
<br>
I spent about 72 hours researching trying to figure h=out how I can do my codes for this assignment 3 and worked on it for one whole entire week and tried in advanced a week on understanding and preparing for this assignment. Most time I spent on research and failed would be through coding. I guess I wasn’t being too efficient by the way I wrote the codes. I was not able to understand since I only figured out a strategy of learning the code better and implementing it by the middle of the last week.
<br>
12.	Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and briefly explain your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed. 

<br>
Like I said in my checkpoint 3 for assignment 3 I am working on this assignment individually and I think I am just a better at working on things independently and I asked for help and did a bunch of research on my own.


